Oh
how is it going guys we're back in Forza
Motorsport six with week four of the car
reveals this one adds a lot more force
to this list and we also have a new
track called Lime Rock Park this is
pretty cool it's in the hills of New
England it looks absolutely gorgeous I
can't wait to actually get on this track
and see what it's really like but now
we're going to get to the car so right
away since it's Ford's week we got the
1981 Ford Racing Capri turbo I love the
rims on these race cars absolutely
gorgeous with the up with yellow spoke
spot looks of it their rims are going a
little too fast too closely see by like
a pre man looks pretty lethal on that
track next up we got 1969 four boss 302
this thing is a boss you know what I'm
saying honestly it really is i love the
1969 four bosses over the 1970s that's
just you know the reason why mainly the
front grille they changed the front
grille in 1970 and I just I'm not
feeling it the nineteen sixty-nine era
or just the late 60s era front grille
that the Ford Mustangs had all through
the Ford Mustangs the fastbacks the
Cobras the boss just looks beautiful i
love it especially when you get up here
it just it all it looks it just looks
amazing but anyways continuing on we got
a lot more Ford's as you can tell i'm
not going to read them all out to you
guys but there is a shitload of boards
which you know they're in Forza 5 their
enforcer isin to majority of them but i
mean like i'm happy to see the svt cobra
are back i'm happy to see the 93 cobra
back the forward broncos back you know
i'm happy to see most of these cars back
especially the 1965 ford mustang GT that
car was in forza 5 and it's me in forza
6 again and that was a tough
I love that card to drift with I was
very upset that it wasn't in for
surprising to for some reason I don't
know why it would have been an easy
transfer of that car they could have
easily put it in don't alive again but
we also got the past the rx7 that's one
that everyone wants to see and also not
in Forza horizon 2 but 4 to 5 but we got
back and forth the six brian's
mitsubishi eclipse 1995 that's from the
first Fast and the Furious if you don't
know that which obviously you guys do
and that's very exciting news as well
because I'm glad to see that definitely
in the game and the chevy SS like all
these cars actually look pretty amazing
there's a skyline there are 33 on the
day they all look bloody amazing I can't
wait obviously i am personally still
waiting on the s14 what are you what are
you guys doing over there at turn 10
studios come on get the s14 in this game
but basically that's the list i hope you
guys enjoyed let me know in the comments
below what you guys think if you guys
have any how many comments like any
thoughts opinions whatever leave them in
the comments below if you haven't
already make sure you subscribe thanks
guys see
Oh